d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\foconsole.vsix
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.xml
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.xml
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.xml
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.xml
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.xml
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.dll
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.pdb
d:\storage\users\jackyr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\foconsole.vsix
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.xml
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.xml
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.xml
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\com.jacky.foconsole.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.dll
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\foconsole.pdb
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\obj\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\Jacky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\foconsole\foconsole\bin\Release\icon.ico
